Add SIG ContribEx spotlight blog article (#42522)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2023-08-22-sig-contribex-spotlight.md

---
layout: blog
title: "Spotlight on SIG ContribEx"

> date: 2023-08-22

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2023-08-14
```
If we miss the 14th, I recommend waiting until after the post-release articles for K8s 1.28 are done (takes a couple of week). It's weird to mix 'em up.

Release comms gatekeep the main blog during that post-release phase.

Author: Sure, I'm up for it and I think it's doable, I'll be on top of this today and tomorrow. And yes, better get it our before the release.

slug: sig-contribex-spotlight-2023

> author: Fyka Ansari

Reviewer: ```suggestion
canonicalUrl: https://www.kubernetes.dev/blog/2023/08/14/sig-contribex-spotlight-2023/
```

Experience](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/sig-contributor-experience/README.md)
(SIG ContribEx), an essential component of the Kubernetes project.

SIG ContribEx in Kubernetes is responsible for developing and
maintaining a healthy and productive community of contributors to the
project. This involves identifying and addressing bottlenecks that may
hinder the project's growth and feature velocity, such as pull request
latency and the number of open pull requests and issues.

SIG ContribEx works to improve the overall contributor experience by
creating and maintaining guidelines, tools, and processes that
facilitate collaboration and communication among contributors. They
also focus on community building and support, including outreach
programs and mentorship initiatives to onboard and retain new
contributors.

Ultimately, the role of SIG ContribEx is to foster a welcoming and
inclusive environment that encourages contribution and supports the
long-term sustainability of the Kubernetes project.

In this blog post, [Fyka Ansari](https://twitter.com/1fyka) interviews
[Kaslin Fields](https://twitter.com/kaslinfields), a DevRel Engineer

> at Google who serves as the Lead of SIG ContribEx and [Madhav

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at Google who serves as the Chair of SIG ContribEx and [Madhav
```
?

Author: I think that "... at Google, who is a Chair of SIG Contribex, and..." would work, no? I agree that "the Chair" should be avoided since it implies that there is a single one, when that's not true.

Reviewer: I'm OK to merge this (and plan to); we can fix the specific wording with a couple of follow up PRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at Google, who is a chair of SIG ContribEx, and [Madhav
```
adapted from https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/42522/files#r1292837546

Jivrajani](https://twitter.com/MadhavJivrajani), a Software Engineer

> at VMWare who serves as the SIG ContribEx Tech Lead. This interview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at VMWare who serves as a SIG ContribEx Tech Lead. This interview
```
?
